1. The Art of Readable Code: Simple and Practical Techniques for Writing Better Code

Usar los nombres correctos



2. Implementation patterns - Kent Beck

Estructurar bien los códigos



3. Clean Code - Robert C. Martin

Dejar el código limpio



4. Beautiful Code: Leading Programmers Explain How They Think

Otra visión de código



5. Software Architecture Patterns - Mark Richards

Conocer la estructura general de software



Pasos a la mejora del código:


6. Refactoring improving the Design of Existing Code - Martin Fowler, with Kent Beck

Limpiar nuestro código



7. Test Driven Development: By Example - Kent Beck

Hacer el código correcto (Doing things right)



8. Test Driven: TDD and Acceptance TDD for Java Developers: Practical TDD and Acceptance TDD

Hacer la casa correcta (Doing the right things)



9. xUnit Test Patterns: Refactoring Test Code

Profundizar las pruebas



10.Extreme Programming Explained: Embrace Change - Kent Beck

Aprender tdd, pair programing, and code review



Pasos a los procesos del equipo:


11.Kanban in Action

Conocer kanban



12.Scrum in Action: Agile Software Project Management and Developmen

Conocer scrum



13.Git Flow cheatsheet y Master Only

Gestionar el código



Pasos a la mejora de la solución:


14.Domain-Driven Design Quickly y Domain-Driven Design Distilled

Conocer el dominio del problema



15. Implementing Domain-driven Design

Modelar el problema antes de llevar lo al códgio



16. Design Patterns: Elements of Reusable Object-Oriented Software

Diseñar una solución eficiente



Pasos a trabajar como un ingeniero


17. Domain-Driven Design: Tackling Complexity in the Heart of Software

El problema real siempre es complicado



18. Clean Architecture

S.O.L.I.D



19. hexagonal-architecture 

No solo las capas



20. Beautiful Architecture - Diomidis Spinellis, Georgios Gousios

La arquitectura es un proceso



21. Building Microservices - Sam Newman

La arquitectura es un proceso evolutivo





Más libros:
-Docker in Production: Lessons from the Trenches Kindle Edition

-Netty in Action

-SRE https://landing.google.com/sre/books/

- Kafka: The Definitive Guide: Real-Time Data and Stream Processing at Scale

- Refactoring Databases: Evolutionary Database Design

- 企业IT架构转型之道：阿里巴巴中台战略思想与架构实战

- The Mythical Man-Month: Essays on Software Engineering

- Who Says Elephants Can't Dance?: Leading a Great Enterprise Through Dramatic Change

- IT通史：计算机技术发展与计算机企业商战风云
